OSDOCS-6754: Network Observability easier configuration (#63276)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-rate-limit-alert.adoc

//
// network_observability/configuring-operator.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="network-observability-netobserv-dashboard-rate-limit-alerts_{context}"]
= Creating Loki rate limit alerts for the NetObserv dashboard

> You can create custom alerts for the *Netobserv* dashboard to trigger alerts when Loki rate limits have been reached. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create custom rules for the *Netobserv* metrics to trigger alerts when Loki rate limits have been reached. 
```

@OlivierCazade what do you think ?

Reviewer 2: Looks better. Thanks!

Author: You can create custom rules for the *Netobserv* dashboard metrics to trigger alerts when Loki rate limits have been reached.

Reviewer: If you feel it makes more sense on the user perspective, why not
